Remove CalledProcessError from `is_tool_installed` (#289)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: ofrak_core/CHANGELOG.md

- Generate LinkableBinary stubs as strong symbols, so linker use them to override weak symbols in patch
- 
### Fixed

> - Fix bug where Component External Tool would raise an error when checking whether a tool was installed returned a non-zero exit value ([#289](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/289))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug where `ComponentExternalTool` would raise an error when checking whether a tool was installed returned a non-zero exit value ([#289](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/289))
```
